Connecting across the Globe

Social networks like Facebook and Twitter allow us to connect with people who, in a pre-Internet age, we might not have known about. On an average, people at facebook have 350 friends. Also, one tweet from twitter, shakes the whole country, change opinions of millions of people in a second.

Locating our favourite movies and music more easily.

You can stream almost anything online now. Music is available from Spotify, iTunes or Pandora. Movies are available from Netflix. TV is good to find through Hulu. All these forms of entertainment are available in convenient ways online, and people are going for it.

Skipping the Queues

Grofers, Flipkart, Amazon etc., they have changed our lives a lot.There’s no shortage of online stores nowadays. And with the fierce competition, there are giving competitive pricing. With competition, the best come out. Moreover, the cost of maintenance of a mall, and other costs lead to lowering of prices, from their end.

Showcasing our creativity

Writers, artists and other creative types are finding a lot of use for the Internet. Some writers have had their books published through e-publishers, skyrocketing them into the top-level tiers of fame. Others have started blogs, Tumblr accounts and online business through websites like Etsy to get their material out there and connect to an audience as well as earn a handsome amount of money.

We Multitask!!

Multitasking existed long before the Internet, of course, but the ubiquity of smartphones — and tabs! Infinite tabs! — has made multitasking both easier and more damaging.Order food,shopping,manage bank account,office job can all be done effectively in a similar span of time.

Webcams

In earlier times, we had no way to video conference with our loves ones. Even if there was a way, it was quite expensive and tedious. But, with the emergence of internet, now we can connect face to face with our loved ones, or for corporate meetings etc. Free services like Skype, Google Hangouts, which use VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) have also  helped in reaching the masses via these services.